Oh, yeah. So I had to do press for Ontario, right?
So I could say it's one radio station, which is a good one.
What's that called? Patty Hamilton. Yeah. It's a great morning news shell.
I've done it before, but it's like five in the morning.
I'm like I have to go to Culver city and then go straight from Culver city to
Ontario to do shows. And they got me a hotel room.
So I could sleep all during the day, like five in the morning. I called Abby,
Abby was in New York, my manager and I go, I can't do it.
There's no way I can do it.
They're ready for you. You said you would, you said you would do.
And I made a deal. I go, I'll go on the next three auditions.
No matter what it is, I'll go in physically. Fine.
If you get me out of this. So she got me out down.
So sometimes when you talk to people, you have to give them, you know,
you have to negotiate, you get to tell them deals and I'm a deal maker.
Um, and Trump, and imagine trying to make deals with a deal-maker.
So what I have to do is I have to play the game. So if I want him, for instance,
if I, if I desperately want him to see a doctor, yeah, I will.
I will make sure that there's on audition that day that he,
he wants to get out of. And he, so that he'll be like, okay, rough fight.
I'd rather go to the doctor. Yes.
But I will fabricate an audition so that he thinks
the doctor is a good deal. Do you know this? That she's fabricating. Yeah. No,
he doesn't. No, he doesn't. Oh, he does.
Cause I still believe right. That, um,
S O D auditions and I went on how many I went on some film ones this year. Yeah.
Yeah. I, I tested for that Regency one.
I'd went in there and I did that one other one help you read for that one. Yeah.
Do you see one? Yeah. I've sent someone a song. It's just like, you know,
it's not, I'm not getting any clothes. I'm not cleaning in claws. And um,
you know, it disturbs me because, um, you know, people say all the time,
it's your time to me. And I go, what do you mean?
And they go, you know,
cause of crazy rich Asians and all these other things like being Asian
is hot right now, but pop Noah calling Papa.
Right. And then when I talk to other ones, like the other ones,
like Jimmy O yang or Alec, Oh yeah. We got 50 movies coming out. Right?
Yeah. We got like, you know, I mean, we got everything. Right. And then,
you know, I look at someone like Joe coy and I,
and Margaret show as to yeah.
And I have to reiterate and stress how
important it was for someone like Margaret to hit the scene when she hit it.
You know? Um, when I started,
not only were there no auditions for Asians, we couldn't even get stage
right in the nineties. Like there wasn't a lot.
And the ones that here's the thing, Asian comics before I started,
a lot of them got up on stage only because of the fact that they had an accent.
You mean, or they, you know,
it wasn't the necessarily the road jokes to get laughs.
People would just laugh at them. You're like, like the old Johnny Yoon thing.
I said, when he, his applause break when he said hot, all right.
So it was much harder. I'm not blowing steam up my.
I'm just, I just, this is the reality of, it was difficult.
Argue with the fact that, but.
That's the thing it's like, I know, but the thing is, is that like,
but now that it's easy, it's hard for me.
Hey, sorry to interrupt guys. But we have an amazing sponsor
[inaudible] future in your pocket all day long.
You guys, uh,
the only wall that I use and I will forever
use is this it's called the Ridge wallet. Amazing. Right?